time to get wet diving in the Canadian
seas is a bit like swimming in peasoup
the foggy waters hid the mighty hunters
till the very last second
here's gigantic this is spectacular
you're gonna sit here on the bottom
that's a big nail fancy light and a very
very frightening encounter you guys get
creepy together all the way we're gonna
get absolutely none up here a fully
grown male stellar sea lion waist 10
times more than me and it's three meters
long and in his massive wake hordes of
lightning female sea lions they're very
live in slender really built for speed
and they could twist the turn chasing
even the fastest to fish right here was
close these inquisitive ladies are just
giving me the once-over